how doin some brownie points and
Falmouth ons day without spending a lot
of money go and buy yourself some
serviettes red ones preferably and take
one so weird and fold all of the corners
to the center night just like that you
know have to be too particular about the
corners for you do it to be quite
particular about the fold the edge right
there make sure that is nice and tight
folded the second time into the center
like that make sure you get Soviet said
a fairly strong lot not weak ones fairly
strong ones followed them all to the
center so that's twice we followed it to
this end and they do once more on a side
fold all four corners to the center once
more being particular about the edge
right here making sure that the edge is
well there two down one now quite strong
quite sharp that's three times then you
turn it over and you fold it once more
to the center the edges to the center
once
so you'll end up with something that
looks just like that folded it corners
into the center three times one way and
one time from the opposite side you'll
get there now you take your thumb and
put your thumb between these two and yet
other then go finger goes behind and
grudge that then you simply pull it up
and away don't touch the edge don't
touch the the point just pull it up and
a wire like that and you'll see that
that starts to give your flower some
sort of rigidity and once you've done
that turn it over and simply pull the
other leaves out to make to make petals
or to make more petals just not there
as I do this and they there now you have
a beautiful lotus flower all ready for
valentine's day and if you do 30 or 40
of them and arrange them in a nice heart
shape and you will win brownie points
and will cost you all of four bucks
you